We began the topic modeling portion of this project by identifying forty topics with the text-mining tool MALLET. We only took sections marked “imm” into consideration,
since these sections of the debates directly related to immigration; we did not consider sections marked “other.” We settled on forty topics because we found that this
number provided clear sub-topics within immigration that were relatively easy to identify. We made our own, non-computationally assisted judgements on the topics, so these
informed judgement calls are imperfect. Some topics were difficult to decipher or irrelevant to our project, so we did not include them. These are the relevant sub-topics,
divided into larger topics:

Policy: Justice, issues, federal, law-making, laws
International: Terrorism, foreign policy, military
America First: Idealism, middle-class, nationalism
Crime: Drugs, gun control
Economy: economic growth, working America, wages

Other topics included in the discourse related to references to specific candidates, references directly to the presidential race or the debate, and other unrelated topics
including “corporations,” “Wall Street,” “Flint crisis,” “police brutality,” “health care,” and “women’s rights.” MALLET was able to sort out these topics from the immigration
discourse, but they do not seem directly relevant to this larger project.

Policy: this meta-topic deals with logistics relating to immigration, and the subsequent topics are self-explanatory. All laws relate to overarching immigration policies.

International:
Topic six – terrorism – was simple to decipher. Words in this topic included “ISIS,” “war,” “radical,” and so on. More crucial to our project, “refugees,” a category of legal
immigrant, also co-occurred with language relating to terrorism. (For the most part, our results found more immigration discourse related to people entering the United States
from the southern border.) This shows that it was likely for candidates to discuss refugees and terrorism in the same breath.

America First:
Other topics in the analysis related directly to praising the United States, its people, and its values. “Idealism” included words like “greatest,” “history,” and “future,”
showing how candidates praised the nation’s accomplishments in a time-specific context. This topic also included “middle-class,” which consisted of words like “people,”
“working,” and “families,” showing how candidates collocated these terms in the same instances. Similarly, “Nationalism” collocated words like “americans,” “values,” and
“dream.” This data shows the positive, optimistic language candidates used to refer to the nation in which they were running for president.

Crime:
The “drugs” topic did not specifically contain words that would normally be associated with immigration. However, it did include words like “brought,” referencing cases in
which candidates referred to drugs that had been brought across the border, indirectly referencing immigration. The topic “gun control” also seemed to not directly relate to
immigration. However, this topic included words like “terrorists,” “san,” and “bernardino,” relating to the 2015 San Bernardino attack, in which ISIS claimed responsibility
for two shooters with Middle Eastern heritage. This relates back to the “terrorism” topic, which included the word “refugees.”

Economy:
This category also related to the “America First” notion of valuing nationalism and the work of middle-class Americans. “Economic growth” included “job” and “cutting,” which
may refer to jobs that have been filled by immigrants. Similarly, the “working America” included “support” and “americans,” and the “wages” topic included “jobs,” “minimum,”
and “wages,” which may refer to immigrant jobs.
