Good. Excellent questions. Now, I have been attacked - in fact, this is an issue that Hillary Clinton has focused on, and that's politics. And that's fine. Although, some of you might recall that back in 2007, when she was running against Barack Obama, she also focused on that issue. But she thought that Obama was too strong on gun issues. You may remember him referring to her as "Annie Oakley", alright? Today, Hillary Clinton's running a lot of advertisements on gun issues. Interestingly enough, she's running most of them in New Hampshire where she thinks it'll work, not running so many of them in rural Iowa. Well, you can form your own judgement as to why that is the case. To answer your question, in 1988 I ran Vermont's lone seat in the U.S. House of Representatives. I ran as an Independent against a Democrat and a Republican. The gun lobby said vote for either the Democrat or the Republican, don't vote for Bernie Sanders. This is 1988. Because Bernie thinks that we should not be selling military style assault weapons in the United States of America. Back in 1988. I lost that election by three percentage points. I cannot tell you that that was the only reason, but I had the gun groups working against me back then. Since then, I have supported instant background checks, the expansion of instant background checks because I believe our job, if we're going to end these horrific mass murders, or at least have some impact in lessening the occurrence of them, we have got to do our best to make sure that guns do not get into the hands of people who should not have them. Criminals, people with mental instability. I believe as President Obama does that we got to deal with this gun show loophole, and that's what he's working on now with his executive order. People should not be able to circumvent the instant background check through the gun show, or through the Internet. I believe that we should make a federal crime of the so-called, "Strawman Situation", where people are buying guns legally, going through the instant background check, and then selling them to criminals.