Thank you. Great question. I have put forward a plan for debt-free college within the next five years. And as the one candidate among the three of us with 15 years of executive experience, we went four years in a row in my state without a penny's increase to college tuition. So you can check out my plan for that on my Web site, martinomalley.com. But you know what I believe is the biggest issue that I think you should be concerned about as a young person who has more time on this planet than I do? And that is climate change. [applause] Climate change is the greatest business opportunity to come to the United States in 100 years. And I am the first candidate in either party to put forward a plan to move us to a 100 percent clean electric energy grid by 2050, and create 5 million jobs along the way. And this is another one of those instances, Chris, where Iowa is pointing the way forward. Look at what you have already done in your state. Thirty to 35 percent of your energy now comes from clean Iowa wind, which wasn't there 15 years ago. And you employ 5,000 people in the new industry, and the great thing about those big component parts you see rumbling down the highway on I-80 is they're too darn big for it to make a whole lot of sense to import them from other countries. So you have to build them here. [applause] And it's a big - and it's a big differentiator among the three of us. I mean, we're all - we're all decent people, we all want to do the right thing for our planet, but there is a generational perspective here. And we're not going to get to 100 percent clean electric grid with an "all of the above" strategy, any more than we got to the moon with an "all of the above" strategy. It was an engineering challenge. And we are up top this as Americans. But incrementalism, half steps, splitting the loaf, that's not going to get us. And that's not what your generation wants. You want the straight truth and you want us to face our challenges fearlessly and make this new reality ours.