I'll tell you what. I want to start by saying thank you for asking about foreign policy because you're absolutely right. In fact, President Obama in his interview said something about that. He said, you know, you don't get to the pick the issues you work on when you're president, a lot of them come at you. They come in the door whether you open it or not, and even gave the example of working on a State of the Union, being at the desk in the Oval Office when one of his aids came in and said, the Iranians have just captured two of our naval vessels and have taken our sailors prisoner. You can't say, oh, OK, don't bother me now, I'll deal with that later. You have got to immediately be able to switch gears. You've got to do all aspects of the job. So let me tell you how I think about it. I think it's imperative you do your very best, every president, and certainly, I will, to avoid military action. It should be the last resort, not the first choice, to use diplomacy, even if it's slow, boring, hard to continue to persist and be patient to get results. And that you also should use the enormous capabilities that we have to project our values around the world, our cultural values, our freedoms, our human rights, and respect for the dignity of all people. I want to give you two quick examples. When I became secretary of state, what President Obama and I found was that the Iranians were on their way to a nuclear weapons program. This despite all of the bluster from the George W. Bush-Dick Cheney administration. They had mastered the nuclear fuel cycle. They had built covert facilities. And they had stocked them with centrifuges that were rapidly whirling along trying to create enough highly enriched uranium to have a weapon. Now our choices were, oh, my gosh, just fulminate about it, or turn our backs and just figure out that somebody else is going to do something, or try to get up a new strategy. We chose the third. We said, look, we've got to get the world behind us to force them to the negotiating table. So I spent 18 months putting together the coalition that imposed international sanctions on the Iranians that forced them, finally, to begin negotiating with us to get an end to their nuclear weapons program, to put a lid on it. It took 18 months to get the sanctions. It took me about another year to travel around the world convincing other countries to actually obey the sanctions. And then I began the negotiations, testing whether the Iranians would actually come and seriously negotiate. And then Secretary Kerry and the president did a great job bringing the agreement into fruition. You cannot - you cannot imagine how tense it was because a lot of our friends and partners in the region basically just wanted to end that program by bombing them. Just bomb them. Send them back a couple of years. Just stop it. I spent a lot of my time explaining to our friends why that was not a good idea. And we got the negotiation successfully done. We did put the lid on. So that's how I thought about it. Another quick example. We had another unfortunate spate of rockets going from Gaza into Israel in 2012. I'm on the phone with the Israelis. They're trying to knock them out of the sky with their missile defense system. But they're still landing and everybody is really worried that, you know, one of them is going to hit a big group of people, take out a big building somewhere. So the Israelis are telling me, look, we've got to go back in. We have to have a ground invasion again in Gaza. I'm saying, no, please, don't do that. Let's try to figure out how do we resolve it? We don't think we can resolve it. I flew from Cambodia, where I was with the president, to Israel, middle of the night, go see the Israeli cabinet, work with them on what they would accept as an offer, go see the Palestinian president, work with him to make sure he'd back it up, go back to Jerusalem, finalize the deal, fly to Cairo, meet with President Morsy, the Muslim Brotherhood president of Egypt, hammer out the agreement, announce it at about an hour before the deadline that we were facing. They got a cease-fire. There was no invasion. That's what you have to do. So every situation is different. So I want to make sure I stay as close as possible to the non-intervention. That's why I say no American ground troops in Syria or Iraq. Special Forces, trainers, yes. Planes to bomb, yes. No ground forces. Every part of this has to be done in accordance with our values, our interests and our security and partnership with other countries.