Well, look. This is only still an issue because the Republicans want to keep it an issue. [applause] They know it, I know it. And, I think it's very easy to answer, and as the gentleman who stood up before said, if you watched any of it, I answered every question. And, at the end of it, the Chairman said, "No, we didn't learn anything new." No, well, because there was nothing new to learn. Why? Because there had already been eight investigations. Most of them by Republicans in the Congress. The House Intelligence Committee, the House Armed Services Committee, and what did they conclude? That there were problems that night, but they were ones that we should look at not from the perspective of placing blame or pointing fingers. But how do we make sure that never happens again? That is what I said immediately after it happened. That's why I put together an independent board to tell me as secretary of State what I needed to know and what we could do to fix it. And I accepted all 29 of their recommendations. And we were on the way to implementing them when I left, and that has continued. So I am well aware that for partisan political purposes this continues. But let me tell you why this makes me not - it makes me sad. It makes me sad because we've had terrorist attacks many times before in our country, haven't we? And we've had American, both civilians and military personnel the subject of attacks. When Ronald Reagan was president in 1983, our Marine barracks, our embassy were attacked in Beirut. More than 250 Americans were killed. The Democrats didn't make that a partisan issue. We were horrified. We were heartsick that Americans doing the work they were sent to do, civilians and military, were murdered by terrorists. So, the Democratic Congress worked with the Republican president to say what can we do? How do we fix this? Fast forward. My husband was president. Al-Qaeda attacked two of our embassies in Tanzania and Kenya. Car bombs blew them up, killed 12 Americans and hundreds of Kenyans and Tanzanians. Madeline Albright was secretary. She said we got to get to the bottom of this. She did the same as I did, commission an independent report. When the report came out she made it public. I made the report I commissioned public. That's the only two times those reports have ever been made public. So again, it was terrible. What can we do? How can we fix it? It wasn't the subject of this kind of partisan, media-driven attack. People wanted to come together. And even after 9/11 when nearly 3,000 Americans and others who were working in New York City, the Pentagon, on that plane that crashed in Pennsylvania, were killed, we formed a commission. We said what went wrong? What can we learn? And then we moved on to try and do better. So look, I understand that they will try to make this an issue. I will continue to answer. And my best defense is the truth. And that's what you will hear from now until I am elected president. [applause]