That's all. [laughter] All right, let me shock everybody here. This is true. I've known Hillary Clinton for 25 years. You know what? I like Hillary Clinton and I respect Hillary Clinton. And Hillary Clinton has devoted her life to public service and I have tried, as I hope you all know, not to run a negative campaign, not to be attacking every other day, to keep this discussion on a high level, where we debate the issues facing this country. [applause] And by the way, with a few exceptions, we're doing a lot better than the Republicans in that regard. [applause] But on the other hand, that's not a very high bar to reach, so... [laughter] ...all right. But what is - what is this? All right, what do I think? Let me just give you a couple of examples. The truth is that the most significant vote and issue regarding foreign policy that we have seen in this country in modern history was the vote on the war in Iraq. OK, that's the fact. I voted against the war in Iraq and if you go to my Web site, listen to the speech that I gave when I was in the House in 2002, saying, yes, it's easy to get rid of a dictator like Saddam Hussein, but there's going to be a political vacuum, there will be instability. And it gives me no pleasure to tell that much of what I feared, in fact, happened. Hillary Clinton voted for the war in Iraq. All right, in terms of Wall Street, I fought against deregulation, led the opposition to doing away with the Glass-Steagall legislation. Unfortunately, my side lost. Wall Street became deregulated. The rest is history. Wall Street has operated, in a very significant way in a fraudulent way, and obviously their greed and recklessness helped destroy our economy and create the worst recession since the Great Depression. I led the effort against Wall Street deregulation. See where Hillary Clinton was on this issue. In terms of climate change, which everybody here knows - and apparently everybody in the world knows except Republican candidates for president, is one of the great environmental crises facing this nation. On day one, I said the Keystone Pipeline is a dumb idea. [applause]